job.cancel() puts job into CanceledJobRegistry. (#1546)
rq/rq: docs/docs/jobs.md

Unlike failed jobs, stopped jobs will *not* be automatically retried if retry is configured. Subclasses of `Worker` which override `handle_job_failure()` should likewise take care to handle jobs with a `stopped` status appropriately.

## Canceling a Job
_New in version 1.10.0_

To prevent a job from running, cancel a job, use `job.cancel()`.

```python
from redis import Redis
from rq.job import Job
from rq.registry import CanceledJobRegistry

> from .queue import Queue

Reviewer: This relative import should only work if your own package is rq.

redis = Redis()
job = Job.fetch('my_job_id', connection=redis)
job.cancel()

job.get_status()  # Job status is CANCELED

registry = CanceledJobRegistry(job.origin, connection=job.connection)
print(job in registry)  # Job is in CanceledJobRegistry
```

> Canceling a job will remove:
> 1. Sets job status to `CANCELED`
> 2. Removes job from queue
> 3. Puts job into `CanceledJobRegistry`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Canceling a job will:
1. set job status to `CANCELED`
2. remove job from queue
3. put job into `CanceledJobRegistry`
```
